realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 114: Reykjavík
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 191: Vogar
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 206: Kópavogur
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 241: Grindavík
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 246: Sandgerði
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 251: Suðurnesjabær
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 262: Reykjanesbær
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 341: Stykkishólmur
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 342: Stykkishólmur
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 351: Grundarfjörður
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 381: Reykhólahreppur
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 416: Bolungarvík
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 421: Súðavík
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 426: Flateyri
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 431: Suðureyri
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 461: Tálknafjörður
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 466: Bíldudalur
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 511: Hólmavík
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 546: Skagaströnd
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 561: Varmahlíð
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 581: Siglufjörður
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 604: Akureyri (dreifbýli)
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 605: Akureyri (dreifbýli)
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 606: Akureyri (dreifbýli)
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 607: Akureyri (dreifbýli)
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 616: Grenivík
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 626: Ólafsfjörður
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 676: Raufarhöfn
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 686: Bakkafjörður
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 691: Vopnafjörður
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 711: Seyðisfjörður
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 721: Borgarfjörður (eystri)
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 731: Reyðarfjörður
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 736: Eskifjörður
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 741: Neskaupstaður
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 751: Fáskrúðsfjörður
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 756: Stöðvarfjörður
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 761: Breiðdalsvík
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 766: Djúpivogur
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 803: Selfoss (dreifbýli)
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 804: Selfoss (dreifbýli)
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 805: Selfoss (dreifbýli)
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 806: Selfoss (dreifbýli)
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 816: Ölfus
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 846: Flúðir
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 881: Kirkjubæjarklaustur
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 1000: Útlönd - Annað
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 1050: Spánn - Annað
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 1051: Spánn - Costa Brava
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 1052: Spánn - Costa Dorada
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 1053: Spánn - Costa Blanca
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 1054: Spánn - Costa del Sol
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 1055: Spánn - Kanaríeyjar
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 1070: Portúgal - Annað
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 1071: Portúgal - Algarve
realestate-fetcher_1  | No coordinates found for 1080: Bandaríkin